Week 1 25/3-2022
What do I want to learn or understand better?

I want to learn and understand SCRUM and agile development better to 
become more structured and efficient while working on software projects.
To learn this I should be part of all meetings and we should follow SCRUM and agile development practices.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

I can help my team by being part of our meetings and discussing how we want to do things and how to do things.
I feel confident in git, so I could/will probably help other team members if they feel insecure about using it.
We've also discussed using React and TypeScript which I have some experience with so I will try to teach them a little bit and 
show them some resources where they can learn if we choose to use this in the project. Also by being available and help anyone that needs it.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

I've been part of all team meetings and workshops this week. We have not done very much yet in respect to SCRUM.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

I took part in the discussion and meeting where we wrote the social contract. This is so far the only deliverable we've done.


Week 2 1/4 - 2022
What do I want to learn or understand better?

It seems like the languages we have chosen are React and TypeScript. At the moment I feel like I can do stuff decently in them, 
but not very fast or accurately and also use them to their fullest extent and all their capabilites. 
I would like to be able to that more comfortably. I think by simply working in them I will learn a great deal.
The same goes for SCRUM, I have used it to some extent earlier but I want to learn more and be more
proficient in it, to do that I think using it will help a great deal.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I can contribute to the learning process of everyone by being part of it and giving my view of things. I've shared some online resources with group members 
so they could learn some React before next week when we hopefully start coding.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
We have not yet done many SCRUM related activites except for the lessons. We have had some meetings where we discussed project ideas and the scope of it.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I was part of a meeting where we together created the business model canvas and the project description. Some of the others had created some mockups and we gave them 
some input on what we thought of that. I also helped with finding apis and data we could use in our project,
